
Management Scholarships 2024-2025

Applications are invited to avail Management Scholarship for the academic year 2024-2025 for all 1st year UG and PG students.
Students can apply for the following scholarships based on their eligibility:

1. Academic Excellence Scholarship
2. Economic Assistance Scholarship
3. MAGIS Scholarship
4. Special Scholarship

Availability of Applications:
Visit the university website www.sju.edu.in and under student login, the online application will be visible to apply for the Management Scholarship from Thursday, 02 January 2025 onwards.

Procedure:
The Management Scholarship form is online for the academic year 2024-2025. The application will be available in the student login under the home page, under Feed Option (next to your photograph). You are asked to fill in all the required details correctly, upload all the required certificates as per the application format, and submit them online.

Eligibility for Applying for Scholarship:

Academic Excellence Scholarship:
1. 70% and above marks in the previous semester.
2. Minimum 75% attendance in the previous semester of the current degree programme.
3. Family income per annum less than 3 lakhs.
4. The candidate must not have any record of disciplinary action against him/her by the disciplinary committees of the University.

Economic Assistance Scholarship:
1. Minimum 75% attendance in the previous semester of the current degree programme.
2. Family income per annum less than 3 lakhs.
3. No arrear paper(s) in the previous semester of the current programme.
4. The candidate must not have any record of disciplinary action against him/her by the disciplinary committees of the University.

MAGIS Scholarship:
1. Students who excel in sports and games, cultural activities, NCC, and NSS at the international/national level can avail of this scholarship.
2. In case of outstanding sports or cultural performance, the candidate must have a podium finish in any individual/team event of national or international level.
3. Participation/Award Certificate/ Aadhaar Card /Family Income Certificate
4. Family income per annum less than 3 lakhs.
5. The candidate must not have any record of disciplinary action against him/her in any of the preceding semesters by the disciplinary committees of the University.

Special Scholarship:
1. Special Scholarship has been instituted to support the education of differently abled students.
2. Documents to be submitted along with the Scholarship Application form:
   Medical Certificate/Income Certificate/Student's Bank Account Details/Aadhaar Card
3. Family income per annum less than 3 lakhs.
4. The candidate must not have any record of disciplinary action against him/her in any of the preceding semesters by the disciplinary committees of the University.

Additional Guidelines:
- Scholarships are subject to annual renewal based on academic performance and conduct.
- Only one scholarship can be availed per student during an academic year.
- Incomplete or late applications will not be considered under any circumstance.
- Students must retain copies of all submitted documents for future reference.
- False declarations or forged documents will lead to cancellation of the scholarship and may invite disciplinary action.
- Preference will be given to students who have not availed any other financial support schemes.

Important Dates:
- Last date to fill and submit the form online: Monday, 20 January 2025, till 4:00 PM
- Display of selected candidates: University noticeboard and University website

Grievance Redressal:
For any grievance regarding the Management Scholarships, students are asked to send an email to:
scholarship@sju.edu.in
